afternoon and welcome to Lindsay
Taylor's signing ceremony this is a
special day for her and her family and
thankful we all get to be a part of it
our first signing our new joe lanigan
fitness and athletic center so this is
very exciting we're going to hear from a
couple of our coaches I've had the
opportunity to coach Lindsay since she
was in the sixth grade in basketball
which turned out to be her hobby she is
signing for soccer not basketball
although she could if she probably
wanted to but i remember in middle
school Lyndsey Taylor would not talk to
me even though I was her coach she
didn't say she may be said two words to
me an olive middle school she was a
quiet shy kid and she said I was scary
so the combination of those two we
didn't talk much but over the years it's
been an honor to have a culture I've
been her individual adviser junior and
senior year so I had a front-row seat to
this process of getting her to this date
to sign so it's been a wonderful ride
for me to be a part of it so thank you
lindsay for allowing me to help you
through this process hopefully I've
helped you through this process so first
we're going to hear from my assistant
coach the varsity level coach Jim I know
that Stanford can't be here today but
it's important they find out and they
will soon find out that they have signed
a lion today
in all the years that I've coached and
I'm older than probably anyone in the
room I have never coached a better
athlete male or female and more
important I have never coached a better
person congratulations Thanks go
first of all I want to say that I
actually wrote something to read because
Lindsay is like a daughter to me I've
known her for over nine years and I've
been coaching for a long time and she's
very special part of my life and I knew
I would get emotional and said bye I
just wrote something down so it wouldn't
happen so just bear with me here lindsay
has achieved her dream through hours of
hard work passion for the game
commitment to being the best an
incredible work ethic and most
importantly guidance and support from
her parents all of these attributes will
help her in achieving her bigger dreams
only Lindsay knows what they are but I
can assure you that nothing will stand
in her way I have always believed that
Lyndsey Taylor will be one of the
greatest soccer players in this country
and I now look forward to watching her
play at Stanford and achieving greatness
okay so without further ado we're going
to have Lindsay sign we gotta you might
get hurt coming over here so make sure
so she's going to actually sign her
national letter of intent to play soccer
it's Stanford University which is right
across the street so for all of you
underclassmen we can go over and watch
her play next year all of our games
interesting enough Stanford does not
sell season tickets for women's soccer
yet it's my prediction by the time of
end of Lindsay's career they'll be
selling season tickets because it's
going to be a hot ticket so we'll watch
that but right now they only sell they
have gained tickets it's for women's
soccer so you have to go the day of the
day game to buy tickets but you watch by
the time she's done over there so she's
signed to Lindsay come on up here
thank you um so first I'd like to thank
castilleja well at everyone here who's
here today supporting me that means a
lot for albertine thanks for coming and
coach and thanks for speaking but
cassoulet thank you so much for
supporting me for the last seven years
both academically and athletically and
that's a lot of the reason why I have
the opportunity to go to Stanford next
year and to the athletic department
thank you for supporting me and allowing
me to play basketball golf swimming
doing all the crazy things that I do I
know bachelor I was just a hobby but I
do love it so I've really enjoyed that
over the last few years albertine
albertine soon my coach since I was nine
like you said he's told me countless
times again to believe in myself and
that's a lot of the reason why I'm here
today and he's taught me how to play
soccer how to shoot how to be a forward
how to cross and really just to love the
game so thank you albertine jazz thank
you for supporting me over the last few
years I know I didn't speak to you in
middle school but I think I've gotten
over that fear but really thank you for
all of your support at did the entire
recruiting process I couldn't have done
it without you and coach thank you for
everything that you supported me through
through basketball and soccer just
encouraging me to keep playing soccer
through the entire basketball process
it's my parents and I'm not the easiest
and go cardinal
thank you guys for coming
congratulations
thank you